it feels it could tell G. change as the fields in cryptology change as
the years go on %HESITATION some of the fields that were quite common
back when I was in cryptology have been transferred to other areas
%HESITATION some of the fields have been %HESITATION kind of obviated
because the change in technology %HESITATION for instance one of
the largest areas that would strain when I was on active duty back
in the sixties and seventies I was worse code %HESITATION because a
lot of nations still use Morse code %HESITATION to transmit their official
information back and forth so I think that's virtually been obviated
these days and so but the people used to do more scope collection
now spend more time doing other kinds of singles collection but
that is a general group of group that does singles collection for
communications then there's a group that collects analyzes identifies
and the rights of the missions that are not communications oriented
electronic warfare people %HESITATION they want to know what are the
characteristics of any kind of machine within minutes or twenty %HESITATION
waves and that that could be radars could be %HESITATION
telemetry for rockets %HESITATION could be any number of %HESITATION
other kinds of of emissions %HESITATION that allow you to identify
and the platform and the source of those emissions and what that could
tell you about what's going on the other side